AI/ML/Prompt Engineering homework ideas - 2024

A1 - Cage marketing text generator application
A2 - Recommender systems - recommending movies based on previous user preferences
A3 - Recommender systems - recommending music based on previous user preferences
A4 - Corporate schedule/life assistant program
A5 - GPT store: Productivity chatbot creation
A6 - GPT store: Writing-summary chatbot creation
A7 - GPT store: Programming chatbot creation
A8 - GPT store: Education chatbot creation
A9 - GPT store: Image creation chatbot creation
A10 - Chatbot widget - specialized knowledge (RAG) based, for websites
A11 - Test suite generator program
A12 - Job interview preparation chatbot
A13 - Ethical decision-making simulator - with dilemmas
A14 - Disinformation detector - in news, social media
A15 - Chat application evaluator - runs on prompt questions, tests them in ChatGPT (or Geminib), then evaluates the answer in another LLM session: how good is the answer to the question. Find metrics for this (how much it hallucinates, how much it includes important keywords, etc.)
A16 - Network configuration tool - Chatbot that provides network configuration support for Cisco or Juniper routers for a given task. It should work significantly better than the currently available large language models with current training.
A17 - Code review assistant - for software development projects to improve code quality, security vulnerabilities, and performance optimization.
A18 - Personalized learning platform - adapting to individual students' needs, preferences, and performance. It interactively delivers the curriculum in a topic area, analyzes student interactions, and tests students' knowledge, thus facilitating personalized learning experience.
A19 - Content creation assistant for digital marketing - helps create attractive and targeted content for various digital marketing channels and social media platforms.
A20 - Style changer - automatic news generator in different styles. The user defines the style, provides the news (or text), and we rewrite it in different styles. In another LLM session, analyze how well the style mapping was done. Find and apply metrics for this.
A21 - Error suggestion system - trained on a public error database (or RAG), provides suggestions for possible error causes and their elimination.
A22 - Application to indicate our speaking request in a meeting, prioritizes speakers and records and formats the speeches in the form of minutes using a large language model.
A23 - Web API through which teachers can generate questions for students in specified topics, aiding digital education (as part of own project)
A24 - Recipe recommendation ML algorithm based on preferences
A25 - RAG validation procedure design and implementation. Langchain, Tonic Validate, UpTrain AI
*A26 - RAG matching to own (or even open, or corporate) document corpus - be able to ask questions from the specialized knowledge base in a Chatbot question-answer format
*A27 - RAG - data extraction from own (or even open, or corporate) documents containing data, followed by statistical analysis of the data (e.g., using Python code with co-pilot's help)
A28 - Share interesting stories about various foods with the Chatbot, supplemented with menus and other content filled with RAG.
A29 - Assistance in implementing an IoT project: the LLM-based chatbot helps navigate through an IoT project - if you've never dared to start, now is the time to try.
